Customer reports (#547)
foundriesio/docs: source/user-guide/offline-update/offline-update.rst

This section guides you through the steps of updating a device offline.

.. tip::

>    Make sure to check the :ref:`Offline Update Considerations`.

Author: @Tim-Anderson I added a note here as I didn't want to add an introduction to this page.
@kprosise What do you think?

Reviewer: I approve!

If you register a device and ``sota.toml`` is generated, then the offline update command can either work alone or alone with ``aktualizr-lite``.
In the later case, you must stop the ``aktualizr-lite`` systemd service before running the offline update command.

> Offline Update Considerations

Reviewer 2: I am wondering if this section should be closer to the top of this page. before someone actually tries to set this up

-----------------------------

* **Offline Update is not a packaged delivery**

The content provided by ``fioctl targets offline-update`` command should be packaged by the customer and verified by the client service.

* **Offline Update does not provide a secure delivery**

> Related to the bullet above, Foundries.io® cannot provide secure delivery of offline update content since the customer should do the packaging and delivery.

Author: @kprosise do you know why this is failing?

* **Offline Update allows installing Targets from different Tags**

> A customer client should handle this case if it is not the intended behavior.

Reviewer 3: Do you mean "customer's client"? In this case, maybe "This is not the intended behavior and should be implemented in a custom client application" sounds better.

* **Online/Offline Mixed Updates**

> Both cases can work together, but the offline update feature was initially designed to be offline only until the device was registered. Constantly toggling between online and offline mode is not something tested and validated by Foundries.io and it should be handled by the customer client implementation.

Reviewer 3: I suggest inverting the order to bring the most important sentence to the beginning:

Toggling between online and offline modes is not tested or validated by Foundries.io. It should be handled by a custom client application. Both cases can work together, but the offline update feature was initially designed to be offline only until the device was registered.

> There are a few points to take into account by the customer client:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are a few points to take into account by the custom client application:
```

>    * **The key rule is not run two types of updates/clients simultaneously**: ``aktualizr-lite`` should be stopped before ``aklite-offline`` runs and vice-versa.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * **The critical rule is not to run two types of updates/clients simultaneously**: ``aktualizr-lite`` should be stopped before ``aklite-offline`` runs and vice-versa.
```

>    * Offline Update can downgrade version: A client around the offline updater should check it out and decide whether to allow downgrade or not.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * Offline Update can downgrade version: A client around the offline updater should check it out and decide whether to allow a downgrade or not.
```

If you register a device and ``sota.toml`` is generated, then the offline update command can either work alone or alone with ``aktualizr-lite``.
In the later case, you must stop the ``aktualizr-lite`` systemd service before running the offline update command.

.. _Offline Update Considerations:

Offline Update Considerations
-----------------------------

* **Offline Update is not a packaged delivery**

The content provided by ``fioctl targets offline-update`` command should be packaged by the customer and verified by the client service.

* **Offline Update does not provide a secure delivery**

> Related to the bullet above, Foundries.io® cannot provide secure delivery of offline update content since the customer should do the packaging and delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Related to the bullet above, Foundries.io™ cannot provide secure delivery of offline update content since the customer should do the packaging and delivery.
```
